AI GENERATED. Ready?
Ah,
very good.
Do I have to be 6 inches,
1 ft.
You can all sing,
OK.
Well,
I'll give you the words.
This is a song on Mother.
Hey Adima he antima.
You follow that's the first tanza which is called
Drupad means you repeat that very many times.
Then
ya Matiasha to Shirataya mamas you follow that's the first.
Did you,
did,
did everybody get it right?
Very good.
Now we're singing it.
S
Oh.
She
Yeah.
Yeah
are.
Um
Yeah
Oh.
Um
now.
Um.
I
Now everybody knows the words,
right?
Now we can sing all together.
I don't hear anybody's voice.
I hear the words
Hey Adima he antimayati akashatu shishhirataya mamasatu yamati
akashatu means I I'll explain to you uh
you got it all.
Ah,
good yeah,
fast
fast learner.
Yeah,
Mati akahotu Matiha means Matiha means the dust,
you know,
it's
the sky and the,
the ho they meet at the horizon,
right,
soil.
Yeah,
Matiasha to shirataya mamasatu
uh madumas means,
uh,
sweet,
you know,
I mean this the mother is very compassionate,
big heart,
like a big sky you father then.
The means she has given us so many blessings means those who sincerely worship you,
you give them realisation,
yeah,
then you say means means most of the time I
make mistakes you have to say that I make mistakes.
I do good things.
I make mistakes,
but you forgive me.
That's the meaning,
yeah.
So everybody ready now?
We can,
ah.
Amass shakti means mother.
Anti means the ultimate god ultimate.
Hey Adima,
hey,
you are,
you are
the primordial goddess and you are the ultimate goddess,
yeah.
Right,
it's a good song.
Somebody in uh Bombay wrote this Jitend Ravisheki.
Have you heard Jitend Rahihey?
He wrote.
No,
Damle wrote the last stanza.
Mother played this song very well on the harmonium,
so when she comes down,
maybe
are likely to come down.
When she comes,
we'll ask her to play,
and we can all sing.
Yeah.
We can sing,
uh,
where is Karan,
huh,
Karan.
Anything,
Dorothy?
Ah,
sukarta we can,
but can you sing sabakoduna.
Huh,
yeah,
we can sing in the form of baja or
suburb.
That
I mean bigger,
yeah,
that's a good one too,
yeah.
Correct.
No,
we can do that.
I'm sorry.
There is a break,
you mean tea break?
No tea break?
Shit for something.
Shit.
What is this?
Mommy's there and Martha is there.
And what about you?
He's here.
Everyone is here,
all right?
Uh,
good.
I didn't tell you that.
Yes,
you have that,
huh,
so you all have been enjoying a lot,
huh.
That's good.
Have
Now today's meeting was very successful,
I should say.
The lawyer got his realisation.
Everything has worked out.
I,
today's lecture was good,
I think,
about our culture.
In general I told you what is to be done.
And how to achieve it.
Am I?
Yes,
I'm sorry.
it.
All right.
Now
I've been
Trying to find out why in the west.
Sir Jui after realisation catch from others.
Not in it.
Now the
difference is like this,
we don't know what
sketch means.
Supposing
you get pain from somebody else or you feel
pain on one finger,
I feel it quite a lot.
If you feel the pain in your head,
you feel the pain in the stomach,
or you feel the pain on your fingertips.
Then of course it's a serious matter.
But even if you feel the heat and the cold.
Also
Well I should think about it.
If you feel the
Tingly
Still,
you're not catchy.
You're like a barometer.
You're just
feeling what is
wrong with the other person.
So if it is heat.
That my
miss.
It is a right-sided problem,
a physical problem.
If you feel the cold,
it means the left sided or the tingling.
Means a left-sided problem.
But could be on the right or left,
could be anywhere.
Could be a combination,
but now you are feeling it.
But you reach a stage here very easily,
I've seen.
That you don't feel anything that you have gotten,
you don't feel anything.
But what happens actually is that.
You accept
The suggestions that come.
From the catches
and you become them.
That's a real catch.
But a person doesn't feel anything.
He cannot feel his ego,
Can feel his super ego,
Can feel his chakras.
Then a person is really caught.
Such a person may feel the catches of others,
but not not of it.
Then you are caught up because the ideas of catches.
are working through it
And this is a very common phenomenon.
You ask the French,
I said,
like this.
How are you?
Understand anything you like.
You ask anyone according to the nationality and the style,
they all say they are wobblies.
That's truthful.
That's honest.
But it's not good.
Everything truthful need not be good.
So I was wondering what's the matter?
Uh today Doctor Bolier gave me a very good point.
He told me they are not steady people to begin with.
It's in the west
people are not steady.
The roots
Are very light
And also the people who come from India,
many become like.
So they're unsteady people like
the trees with or we can see the plants with very small roots.
So the wind comes,
they go to the left or to the right.
The roots are taken
So there is no depth.
That's why it happened.
It can be any way.
It can work out any way.
Say it goes to the ego,
you start cheating yourself.
At the
Or you start shouting,
start saying things.
In a way that you should not say.
Is Michael here?
No,
yeah.
All right,
come and sit here.
Sudar
And then a person
is he never wants to get out of it.
He doesn't want to get out of it,
especially if it's an ego.
He will shout,
he'll scream.
He'll intimidate others.
He'll be
jumping on the person.
Doing all kinds of things,
but he will not try to get out of it.
That's one thing about ego.
The biggest problem is he never tries to get out of it.
At worst
he will
try to cheat himself or she will try to cheat herself
very nicely.
Always try
To tell,
oh,
I'm happy.
I'm all right.
You are all right,
but others are not.
Because
ego aggresses others.
So a person who is aggressive doesn't feel the burn.
Or the heart
It goes on like that.
Actually,
such a person has to
get into a very big turmoil or a very big problem
or a very big hit
to get out of it.
It's not easy.
After,
after all,
after realisation,
you should start seeing your ego clearly.
If you are still shouting one thing,
if you are particular about time.
That's a sure and certain sign of a very big ego.
Throw away your watches.
Just throw away your watches.
That's one of the ways I've seen people assert
their ego.
Start now,
this,
that.
So what?
The speediness,
the
exactness,
you must do this by this time.
It must finish at this time.
We had one horrible fellow who came with me to America first time.
I had a bad time with him.
But then we sent him by another ship.
He was an ambassador and this and that.
I'm very particular about finishing the
programme at 9,
but I would start it at 9 just to tease it.
Uh,
I finish at one o'clock.
And then we threw him out.
Absolutely he was such a useless fellow.
We got fed up with him.
I said you are a liability to good for nothing.
Get out of such.
And then,
you know what happened,
he was such a frightened man.
I don't know what happened to him.
He was telephoned to me.
That the customs came to him.
I don't know why customs went to I
I never knew what was happening.
Customs people came to him and asked him if he had smuggled some things.
And I was shocked,
you know.
I said,
no.
How is it?
he said,
You better come to the police and tell them
at the customs that I never smuggled anything.
But I said,
Sir,
you never smuggled.
No question,
but you never travelled with me,
came by.
But still,
you better come,
please.
I beg of you,
please come and tell the customs.
But I said,
how are they asking such a stupid question like that?
That you have smuggled something.
So I said,
all right,
I mean,
he was so humble down,
so humble down because all his reputation was at stake.
So
I went with him.
And I asked him,
what is the problem?
They said,
No,
you just don't come into this.
This man has smuggled diamonds you know for.
Myself,
can you say such a thing to such a man.
He was my husband's boss once upon a time,
such a big man like you.
He also contested election for presidentship in India,
you can imagine.
And he wanted me to certify that he never smoked.
So I said,
what makes you think that way?
He said,
we have got reports from Hong Kong Bank.
We've got reports from Los Angeles,
uh,
that he purchased diamonds in Hong Kong.
He took them to Los Angeles and he gave.
Actually came by another ship,
so I did not know.
Then I discovered that on the other ship when he was travelling,
he was very egoistical fellow troubling everybody,
uh,
getting after the cooks,
getting after this person,
I must have food at this time and that time.
So then I discovered that all the crew had decided to throw him overboard.
And
they planned it very well
to say that he got drunk and fell off,
that they can do very easily,
all of them.
But then
I think they saw my photograph in his room and all that,
so they stopped it,
they did not.
When they came back,
they did all this mischief to inform the customs about.
But actually he was harassed for months together and then
I discovered it and I saved him out of that.
He was harassed.
And they gave exact date when he arrived,
when he came,
when he went to Hong Kong,
everything into such details.
That I didn't know,
and they joined hands with the ship by which we had gone.
Because he troubled everyone with his time with his 8 o'clock means 8 o'clock.
I want to have food at 8 o'clock.
And the ship people got angry because this was a ship which was,
uh,
what do you call?
A
merchant ship and we were allowed to go as travellers because we,
my husband being the chairman,
was we got the owner's cables in that he travelled,
but he tried to show off so much that he said that I
must give him my room and he should stay in my room.
Captain said that we can't do because this is the
owner's wife because of her grace you are here.
But he fought so much as it better you but Captain Woo.
And I did not know even our ship had decided to throw him overboard.
So now,
but
it was impossible for me to take him out of his ego because he would not realise it.
Very hot tempered man
is to intimidate people and to shout at everyone,
and
first,
of course,
people got frightened,
but you know,
people are very different types.
And whenever he passed through this to behind him,
say like this.
I would say as a person are you doing?
All of them,
nobody had any respect for him because he had no respect for him.
And then this captain came and he told me that
we hated that man from the bottom of our heart.
He was,
he had showed no respect to you also.
I said no,
no,
he was respectful to.
But he showed no respect to us.
You were so kind.
You were so compassionate.
You were so respectful.
You were so nice,
and this fellow was trying to show off so much
that we all hated him because he had no respect.
He has travelled all over the world.
He was an ambassador,
this thing,
that thing,
and this ego comes up on such people.
All right.
Forgive them for that,
but they cannot come in surgery.
Such people are prohibited
to come in surgery.
So we have to understand first of all,
we have got.
In ourselves
a tremendous
Type of ego which keeps us away from reality.
There's a big gap.
Here is reality.
It is sir here.
You cannot be combined with the reality,
but in between lies this horrible stuff,
colleague.
Which intimidates everyone
makes everyone miserable.
Cannot get out of it because it doesn't make you miserable at all.
I feel happy also.
Egoistical person is always very happy because he can dominate every person.
He dominate his wife or dominate her husband,
do all kinds of things to dominate and enjoy and satisfy them.
This is what the whole of the West did.
Once upon a time they went round up to China,
I imagine.
They were rounded up to.
All the places that was possible
tried to dominate.
Thank God,
Columbus missed.
Coming to India,
otherwise you would not have seen me here.
He would have killed all of us
and put all the Spanish,
and then on top of that all the Portuguese
and all kinds of few people would have been there
in India and we would be somewhere dead permanently.
As I finished the races here,
do you know?
We are enjoying on the graves of these people with the ego.
How can God forgive Americans for that?
What have we done?
Do we deserve?
To enjoy all these things,
we are plunderers actually if you think so
real plunderers
coming to somebody's land occupying it nicely,
sitting there
in a cult of power.
Thinking ignorant of yourself,
stupid as we are.
We are thieves.
We are thugs.
Taken advantage of the simplicity of history,
but God doesn't forgive such aggressors.
That's one big problem.
With that thing in you.
You cannot be deep.
As soon as you'll go deep,
you'll see this.
You don't want to go deep because you don't want to face your ego.
As soon as you go deep,
you see your ego,
and you're going to left to show thee finished.
But after realisation.
You can go.
With complete confidence
that we are going
to see our ego nicely
of our forefathers,
we are the only ones who can save the souls
of these horrible people who came on this earth,
on this side of the earth,
and killed so many Indians.
You're the ones
I
Otherwise,
all these souls
will become worms or something in the hell,
I think I don't know what they can become.
The big responsibility.
And in that responsibility,
you should become deeper.
I've seen ego is such even in Sergioga
we have had people who made money out of Sergioga with their ego.
What's wrong?
OK
They can't forgive themselves all the time.
There's no problem.
But they can't forgive other people.
And I tell you it is easier.
To cure a person who suffers from left side
than to cure a person who suffers from right
because the left sided person feels the pangs.
He gets the aches very badly,
he behaves like a mad person,
he gets muddled up.
He gets cheated.
Everybody dominates him.
He becomes miserable,
so the left-sided person.
Can be easily,
but always a right sided person will say I'm left sided,
it's not.
And that is why
one should understand that evil is to be faced
openly,
clearly is bravery.
And see to it that the single person.
But people have never talked about it
in the West about ego.
It's a recent talk.
Nobody talks because if I read Saturn,
who was a recent philosopher,
if I read this horrible fellow Steiner,
he's a recent fellow.
Uh,
even in the advertisement they say,
oh,
what a great thing it is to smoke.
So nobody recognised it for a long time,
but in India it was recognised long,
long time back.
So they said,
oh God,
give me everything,
but not the stupid ego
from.
Very childhood that taught ego.
We cannot say many things which you easily say like I hate you.
I cannot see
What do you think of yourself?
What are you to hate?
Hatred is a disease,
and how can you have that disease?
Keep your eyes open.
Hatred is
A dirty things.
Like
eating filth.
How can I say I am eating filth do it.
That's how we've learned not to
say,
not to think.
If you hate someone.
If you go and tell your mother I hate such a person,
she'll give you two tight slaps on the face.
No argument,
nothing.
That is how
in India people are very deep people.
They may not be so afraid.
They may not be so sophisticated.
They may not be so
clever,
maybe everything,
but
in evolution part they are much higher
because they have very,
very deep roots.
Once they find
Sajoga.
Once they come to it,
if they are not westernised,
that's a very big if.
They take to Sayga so easily they never catch.
I've never heard of anybody by catching.
Like
Means they catch in the sense that they
are like bar
barometers or they give barometric reading.
But they never catch in the sense you today you find a lady,
uh,
extremely sweet and nice go to her house,
she gives you food next day she
she looks at you like it.
Uh
Digress
That's not possible.
There's consistency there
Now today supposing we have Doctor Blier here see me
tomorrow you won't find him shouting at you.
That's not.
Or today you find somebody very honest in the West is very common.
I see,
very,
very common.
You trust somebody who is an honest man,
make him a,
say,
an accountant.
Next time you find you're decamped with money.
If somebody's honest in India,
then he's honest all his life.
If he's honourable,
he's honourable all his life.
Then he doesn't change like this.
What is the reason?
There is no debt
So when you get realisation,
you just don't touch your depth to live superficial.
So
now we have to forget from where we have come.
We have to know where we have reached.
We have become the spirit now.
Forget your past,
forget the style you have let,
forget everything.
Humble down.
Humbling down is important.
Humble down in your hearts.
If we have to grow,
we have to go deep.
Only through humility
through the weight.
Through the weight of humility.
Not condemning yourself.
Not saying that you are wrong,
your forefathers were wrong nothing,
just stumbled off.
And grow inward.
We
must know our weaknesses.
This is the biggest problem in the West.
We never want to see our own weakness.
And the other weakness is
in the best is,
it's now it's very complicated society.
Like supposing
I want to say
that see your son is like this.
Then they don't mind taking the blame of the son's misbehaviour upon themselves,
though it may be I have done it.
So that it never reaches the site.
But if I say you have done something,
they'll say no,
perhaps maybe my mother because she treated me
psychologically,
something happening to me,
so it has happened.
Because I was born in a family which was very strict,
I had a broken home.
That's why it does happen
A thing of the
You are a spirit.
All these explanations
are
against you,
are going against us.
You are cheating yourself.
Because I come from such and such place,
it has happened now.
I'll give you an example of you imagine who you know very well.
You know,
when he came,
actually
when Indians come here,
they also develop some sometimes this ego part.
He came to France for my.
I,
to,
to so many people,
Yogi is like a sort of a guru.
He has a beard and he has a moustache like that.
It's.
And sometimes he has a big ego,
but more than him,
his disciples have a greater eotic.
And those people who work here with him also get into such big big ego trips that we
are having
a horrible time.
I sent one of them to a
To
Australia.
Had to take up a job.
So he would not take up any job.
People said,
what is it?
I was chief executive
of
Margins Export
Company.
What was he exporting?
Those
lay backs.
Vomiting.
He was the chief executive.
And now he can't take up any other job but the chief executive.
And nobody is exporting clay packs from Australia,
so he's without a job.
Yeah.
So he's without a job.
I told him,
you better dig some.
Yeah.
And we'll export it.
First,
do the digging.
Then we'll export it to me.
So all.
This kind of a nonsense comes.
Indians,
though,
I mean,
MSSCP is occupying such a big position.
if you see him where he is,
but
whatever it is,
he's
much more humble
than many of the surgeons.
Though sometimes he also goes off because you see
in this country you pump up the people so much
that maybe.
Sometimes,
but he sees it now,
now
he sees it and he was telling me it's the best way to get out of it.
is to see
He sees it
and every time he does something he always
asks for forgiveness,
as always.
You asked for for for forgiveness from me.
But he told me this country so that where you get blown up.
People would pumper you so much.
Because you have a position.
Yes,
sir,
sir.
But even those who are garbage cleaners have the same issue.
Even worse than C,
much worse.
So what is the reason?
Why this bumptiousness,
why this wrong ideas about yourself?
It is because
we are not one with reality,
and we have no joy.
We cannot grow artificial.
So if you can some or others see that horrible thing called ego.
And watch it nicely.
First thing that should happen,
I would say an example of that if you don't mind,
I'll say more.
He had a tremendous.
Evo is to power 100.
When he first came to be.
But I knew one thing about this man that he loves truth.
This is the part there where I found his debt.
Lee love
There were up to hit him.
I see now today what a product.
What have you achieved in Sergio?
I mean,
he met me only 4 years back.
Can you believe it?
The first time when he came.
He was
roaring like a liar.
I mean
everything was there.
Everything fizzled out gradually.
He was so angry with me,
shouting at the top of his voice,
doing all sorts of nonsensical things.
Can you believe Warren was shouting at me?
Can you believe?
But I could see that in him that he loved.
I go up to a point.
If I don't see you coming out of that ego,
you will have to get out of.
All that you have enjoyed in Sir Joga you'll have to give up.
I tell you that today.
You'd better learn this lesson.
When you come to India.
Came through,
no doubt.
Then we'll be having ashrams
where you can come and stay and see for yourself,
double up your time.
But we cannot have burdensome people.
Who pulled down other erogiserogins
tried to bring problem for collectivity.
We cannot afford it.
Like a boat
We have to cross over.
All of us are in the boat,
and some are Jonahs.
They should be thrown out.
Should we make the boat sink for them?
So no liabilities will be accepted in surgery,
I promise you.
Since I've come here I've been sick.
Humble
In humility.
In righteousness
You will find your own glory,
the light of you.
Not in.
In ego you're blind.
You can't see it.
Only in humility.
In that silence of humility
you'll find your own glory,
your own dignity,
everything you'll find in humility.
But not by condemning yourself.
But in humility.
That's the time really you help yourself and love yourself when you are humble.
So it is said,
humble down in your heart.
Said that
I've got the picture of my mother in my heart.
I have to just bend my head and I see it there.
Just to bend my head
and I see my mother's picture.
What
But keep it up
The thing is,
you cannot keep this tempo of humility.
You have to keep it up.
I come here all right.
Everything is fine,
good.
Again I come back.
I must be prepared to suffer for 2 or 3 days again.
Then you're all right,
but this is only working through me.
To my efforts.
What about you
yourself Aita?
I tell you
You don't have to exert at all.
To be helped.
But there's one way you can do it.
Always tell yourself.
So for example,
now.
We have Michael here.
And say
He said from
America.
I said,
you,
Mr.
American.
Will you behave yourself?
Address yourself.
You Michael American,
will you behave yourself.
And come down to reality now.
Do you know
you are the spirit.
Address yourself.
Address yourself like that,
stand before the mirror.
Separate yourself,
say that is your ego,
and you are the spirit.
I talked to.
You don't exist.
Do you know what you are?
You're not.
If there is light
In front of me
there will be no reflection us.
You are like my shadow.
Go
Because I'm standing before a mirror,
you exist otherwise don't exist
anymore.
And I can create infinite number like you.
How,
put another mirror behind.
And there will be infinite.
Images these artificial ones I can create in 1 2nd.
But you can't create me.
You cannot influence me.
You cannot bring me down.
I'm the spirit.
Has to be taken up otherwise I tell you.
Some of you will start looking like orange z or.
Genghis Khan.
For Hitler.
Or something like that,
see,
all these,
you suddenly I find among suchies
some Hitler standing with the moustache
and the hair like that,
the nose like that.
But suddenly I find someone like that.
It's quite possible.
I mean
what I have seen of Sergio guy in the west,
I'm surprised to see.
You leave somebody as a little sparrow,
and when you come back,
you find a hawk.
That the same person.
Yes,
now she's become aha.
Only possible
in the west,
I can tell you.
If you tell somebody in India,
they will not believe.
Like Mister Jekyll and Mister Hyde,
only possible
in the West.
When I read this story,
I said,
how can it be possible.
Doctor Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde,
I said,
how can it be possible?
But I've seen it.
It happens here
They,
when they are good,
they're very,
very good,
and when they're bad,
they're horrid.
But that's only in the West.
You don't find this
in India.
Why?
The reason is we are deep.
Into ourselves really deep.
All right,
you have not missed anything now.
Because you got your realisation as they've got it,
you've got the knowledge of surgery as they've got it.
But test it upon yourself.
And humble down yourself.
Go down into yourself
facing yourself.
Just
telling yourself,
no,
I have to agree deeper and deeper.
I'm not going to listen to anything.
Ego and all that nonsense.
I'm not going to listen.
I'm going to go deeper into.
And move into yourself,
ed yourself
into reality.
Piercing through all these ego or nonsensical ideas that come.
Then only you can correct it,
otherwise you can.
The best way in meditation I've seen to improve your ego
is to meditate on my feet.
My feet
Have that magic.
Have you got photographs of my feet?
I don't find anything here.
Yeah,
we just bring one,
just bring one.
All right,
watch that.
They're very small one this one this is this is not this kind,
one.
Ah,
see.
A place.
So
Ah,
that's it.
They are reflecting too much though the light,
huh.
Can we take out this?
Yet lots of these small kinds they have.
Change
Later
Mm.
Now the 2nd group can come in.
Are you all right now?
Better.
Still there.
Beat yourself with shoes.
I tell you,
beat yourself with shoes.
That's the best way,
go and beat yourself with shoes,
all of you.
Now those
come and
just.
P
Very simple feat.
All the people at the back come right in.
Get some Puja ones also,
yeah.
No need to rub my feet.
You can just wash them.
Mm.
Can you feel the vibration?
Right
Well,
let's have the 2nd group coming down.
Please move out
Have you got kumkum here?
Bring it.
Those who have not rubbed my feet can rub with the kumum with who died.
Those who have not rubbed my feet
so far should wait,
and,
uh,
others can meditate a little bit on the feet.
God bless her.
You.
Ah,
but he.
Can you feel the vibrations now the cool breeze.
Put it in a
a or something.
Put it in a mixer.
hm,
now,
all right,
good.
Chris,
how are you?
Better
Now those who want to come further,
come up.
Allow some others to come for.
It's.
or just what.
Are you better now.
that.
So.
No,
just try,
just
try,
yeah.
Did you use the ice?
It helped you
It's right-sided probably.
Stomach or you did it
on the liver.
Hm.
That also helps
Released
My breathing is all right.
Regina,
you sit here.
Don't close your eyes.
Hello,
for me.
This is in me.
Mm
No
Um,
feet,
feet.
But
You cannot think about them.
You just have to see it.
Oh,
Hm.
Now,
another group,
all of you have been.
All right?
All of you all right?
No.
Those who have not rubbed my feet before.
Some
It
Or not had done my poojas.
Come,
come on.
I got to,
all right,
come down.
Take this
and rub it on my foot.
Come now,
Apia.
Hold it,
hold it,
love.
Their hands are fuller than my feet today.
That's the best part,
huh,
busy huh.
Balo hot bala left
left hand ballo right handlo
sorry per.
And the soul
Huh?
Ah,
I could make out.
And
Huh?
I think
Like a tremendous poetry.
I
Rub it hard.
Me ha.
Cool
Idea.
the
photograph exactly what photograph and just make a
uh South American Indian dictate that thank you.
Uh.
Of the clouds maybe the like yeah.
We won't need cameras,
I think
clouds will start showing it's all.
I'm just joking.
In the clouds,
the photographs are coming now.
Electricity
Oh,
now see.
CO vibri
Oh
Maybe both.
Maybe.
Zune.
Ah
The part of that.
We programme part with hm.
You are.
But stra name that it's huh.
Sympathetic question and one minor party.
Well.
It's Jane.
whatever.
this
I
You got
Yeah
I will.
Cho
Ah
look it's quite correct.
Mm let's.
I.
Uh
Is it just you know what one.
Yeah but.
What.
So
Yeah.
I look at.
The.
huh?
Yeah,
yeah.
Yeah.
It.
But.
And
Yeah.
Meta cinematograph for cases OGL.
With
It's clear.
You come down to.
All they can have once.
Yeah,
what your.
or any profits.
A la.
Atima.
graph.
Or he's a just a freelance.
Good.
OK.
genius.
I was scholar.
No else to be cut.
Fix
the lady who but not but not here.
That baa,
OK,
grandson.
Mm.
Good
Really nice.
Or how you howma and love me here.
Almost.
Oh no.
What a name.
Uh,
ancient Indian culture on that and she's a gold medalist at top of the list.
To
Let's see
The
Mm
What's that.
Let's give a
Mm.
May God bless you.
You get us on a dra I'm not.
How
I know.
A quick drama.
one.
Background catalogue.
It's not.
Mhm.
A yellows of film.
It looks so bad I.
Can I stripped one of it.
Make a script on seekers.
They can have a thing.
I still on me.
I'll go forgraphy.
Go.
We all can you all can act as actors and acts.
In the,
in the normal films,
what do they show?
One car is going,
another car is running.
This car is going fast,
another car follows it.
All that nonsense.
Or else if you have a good actor,
someone or a good actor,
he carries the film,
Holly said.
But mostly
I've seen
the very,
very few good films.
Which have any messages.
But now Mister
Rane has been exposed.
You can show all these people.
In a sense
It.
Uh,
what is illustrate quickly you last.
I see.
What?
Well,
I mean she's another one.
he's the one in London.
I'd come out that Benner,
what was his name?
Bernard Bevin.
Levin Bernard Levin,
he wrote a big article about his niche.
Now those who have not raptured.
You're all right,
enjoy it.
Be careful with your hands.
You can rub it on your head.
It's better
to have red headed.
We'll have red and red leaks.
Both are around.
It's very good.
Come along now,
and so have.
So we can have something like that.
Are the two are gonna get married again.
They're married.
I want you to bless them.
Oh,
I see.
Good.
What about the pictures you wanted to show me?
Yes.
Defoe.
technically technically but uh amateurs.
I was.
Mm,
no,
let me see.
Mara.
Shkari
All right,
now.
Is he here?
No,
he's not here.
San Francisco.
He's going to India.
I
Others.
Yeah.
Ah.
A cha or uh
uh let's see there's.
Where what,
uh,
but I can't tell you.
Uh which college?
I did.
Did you
Right
It
any nationality preference for you to marry outside of the US?
Or
Canada,
yes.
To marry any nationality,
Is there any nationality you don't want to marry?
I mean he's seen everything.
Is there any particular person whom you want to marry?
Yes,
OK,
who's that?
I see.
That's great.
Yeah.
she's blushing.
But where is he?
Where is he going?
Where is he,
mother,
this boy,
he's uh out in California.
He could get here.
And ready to meet that girl.
Gale
Where did you meet her?
Where did you
a few years ago.
Oh,
that's great.
All right,
that's very beautiful.
So it's so this one is so this one's on.
This is him,
Phil,
this is Phil.
He couldn't get a photograph,
but seeing as his uh wife's
uh
here.
She has a photograph of herself.
Ah,
you broke 10 good.
Director
Of Broadway studios New York.
It make they make films.
the director.
Oh,
that's good.
Now we should make one film of Seekers,
all right.
You
His desire to humility it's wonderful.
Now see your vibrations,
both of you.
First of all,
beautiful.
May God bless you.
You should put one more point.
Have you been to any guru?
That's important.
We have that on this form.
Now,
just see,
put your hands towards me.
Let's see.
Better
How are you?
Uh
Uh,
yes,
I do.
I'll put it on your head.
It would be good for us.
All right,
that's fine,
excellent.
Oh man.
Richard
is American.
Are you still nursing,
Richard Richard?
Are you still nursing?
Yes,
I,
I do it part time.
In that you would like to marry?
Yes ma'am.
That's good.
Mm
Great
Yes we have
Is he here,
Edward.
Canadian
I
Some people couldn't come through much as you lack of space
in that sense.
He's so tall as 6 ft.
Oh,
What's the meaning of tardy.
late
A person who's always late,
like me.
You have a different way of doing it a different purpose.
Distracted
Often distracted,
that attention is
easily
taken away from.
Daydreaming.
It's.
Is he?
He's improved.
Laurie Hynes,
uh,
person,
he's in the ashram there in,
in Vancouver,
but he's had an up and down history.
So we'll find it somebody.
It's very good.
Godfrey in San Diego.
point
She has children.
Uh,
yes,
ma'am.
Is he here?
No.
Again another case of vaccine.
They uh
With saving to go to India.
Mm
And I think the difference between flying here and there may make.
may make the difference whether you can go to India.
So
they didn't know you were
gonna be here,
mother.
At first it was Warren and they,
Warren was gonna go to their San Diego.
Christine.
We have done
Janet Bows.
Ja
Jeannette.
the
Oh good.
Hm.
They're all filmmakers here.
She she brought them,
uh,
Phil and Christine and all these other filmmakers
from the department where she works for.
Now what's that.
Christine,
could you
Good
gone to sleep.
Left sided feet.
Yes,
a very good person extremely.
30 years of age.
For some streets.
Elizabeth
And she's she said,
yes,
I met her.
I know I don't her.
She has children.
Uh,
no,
mother,
she's never been married.
I
Hm.
Caroline,
I would like to marry.
Did you hear that?
I said,
I would like to marry you now.
Myself.
We are so good.
Ah,
that's so good.
divorced
To
You divorced and he divorced.
Is he married?
huh?
Mm,
does he?
Not bad.
I don't want to give you another chance.
How do you find him?
Be
Why not try Sergio.
Mm.
Better try because I am saying your children must be missing the father.
Oh,
they have their they have grown up,
huh.
25 and 23 years old in professions of their own.
They're all working professionally in fields,
economics.
Father.
Why not try him again,
all right?
I have a feeling
he's a good man.
He may come to search you.
All right,
that would be a unique thing.
You know my ego
No,
it's not that.
I think
Now you are very.
Right,
try.
So
That would be the best.
I'll be very happy
because it's,
it's a new precedent
for people
to show that those who are divorced again can remarry
because after
realisation,
a person gets completely transformed.
I start seeing the beauty of another person with a different rank.
I
And all the hurts and all those past things are.
Hm.
Lee.
Yeah,
OK,
yeah.
Yeah.